# Ernest Liang Interview 3

Liang (L): All right, so this is an interview for the comp 1100 course and I'm interviewing a fellow student at UQ. So if you could please introduce yourself.\
*Joyal [J]: Hi, good afternoon. My name is Joyal. I'm studying computer science. This is my second year and first semester.*\
(L): All right, Joyal, I'll be asking you just a few questions about the enrollment system for UQ and I hope you'll provide the answers as best you can to help to help this course and this research. All right, so number one, have you ever encountered any issues, problems or inconveniences with the current UQ enrollment system and if you have, what are they? What are some examples of them?\
*[J]: Talking about current UQ enrollment issues, there are multiple of them. Maybe lack of information about certain courses.*\
(L): Lack of information?\
*[J]: Lack of information, yeah, and information being spread in spreading out through multiple web pages for which each fellow student has to click for multiple links in order to get certain information. So these two things and yeah, certain details on which courses should be taken in which year. Okay. So I feel these are the things which lack in the current UQ enrollment system.*/
(L): Okay, what information sources have you sought when selecting courses?\
*[J]: One is the UQ system where I have to check for multiple information and then for certain courses for which information was lacking, I had to go through multiple AI outlets such as ChatGPT, Claude, etc. like that to get some various information.*\
(L): Okay, what information do you wish you had when you first began picking your courses or like what information do you felt was a bit lacking perhaps?\
*[J]: Information which had been lacking when I selected courses would be which courses had to be taken in which year. So like prerequisites or restrictions for selecting courses? That wasn't the absolute thing, it was like whether 1001 means first year, 2002 means second year, like that. That was one issue I faced a while and it prompted me to take the wrong courses at the wrong year.*\
(L): Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, what do you consider when deciding which electives to pick?\
*[J]: It depends on which year and which semester I'm doing first. Like for example, if an elective is of like 2-5-2-3 like that, so it should be taken in the second year. So that's one. The course which should be taken in which year, then it depends whether it's like necessary to my degree. So yeah, that's it.*\
(L): Okay, what do you find confusing about picking courses at UQ? Like is it just or is it mainly the lack of information or the other factors with the system in terms of what actions they allow you to take? Is it like it's like beyond just information perhaps? Like is there anything about the system or interactions or would you say that's more or less fine and the information is the big problem?\
*[J]: One loophole I have found in the UQ system while selecting courses is that if you select the prerequisite, you could take another if you if you take a course, you can take another course where this course is a prerequisite to that course. For example, if I'm saying I'll say Deco 2500, it's prerequisite is CSSE 1001. So technically I can do both CSSE 1001 and Deco 2500 together without even doing CSSE 1001 as a prerequisite. Therefore, I can do it together. So that's a loophole actually that I need to fix it out where if you only ever do 1001 properly and you're passed in that course, then only you can take 2500.*\
(L): That's an interesting, that's an interesting point. All right, based on... This is a bit, this is a bit of a more open-ended question but based on past experiences, what based on past experiences with enrolling, what are some features that the UQ enrollment system didn't have or didn't implement really well that you felt an enrollment system for a school should have by default? Is there anything in particular that you felt that hey why isn't this in an enrollment system?\
*[J]: Nothing like that. I've seen everything, all the information which is like relevant in the UQ system but some information such as which year has to be taken, which course has to be taken, which year. Like the only those things were like but they weren't there in the UQ system. It's just addition of information and that's it, nothing else.*\
(L):Okay, all right, last question. This is more so about the interaction and the actions you take within the enrollment system as in like when you select a course, when you drop a course, when you get feedback. So did you feel that the enrollment system is responsive enough in sending feedback, information or confirmation or warnings when selecting courses? Like for example, if you can't take this course or maybe after you take the course, they concretely say that hey this has been added to your schedule and it's now a waiting payment, something like that. So that's what I mean by feedback and responses. So would you feel that the enrollment system is sending sufficient enough responses and feedback?\
*[J]: I haven't faced that kind of a situation yet but maybe a warning could have been given that if you have done this course as a prerequisite course then we can do that course. There wasn't any warning for that.*\
(L): So it still mainly comes around to the whole prerequisite chain of courses.\
*[J]: Mm, yeah.*\
(L): All right, that's all the questions I have for you. Thank you very much for your time.\