# Jack Cole Interview 5
[Link to recording on MS teams](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/jack%20cole%20interview%205.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=n9wvcC)

Good morning, it's nice to meet you. Thanks for taking the time out of your day to do this. \
*All good.*\
And do I have your consent to record you? \
*Yes.*\
Alright, first question. What are some of the issues you have encountered with the current UQ enrolment system? \
*Um... I think the current issue is that it's quite slow, following through to SI.NET and your finances once you’ve selected your enrolment.* \
So you find it takes a while for your timetable to update?\
*Yes.*\
What about with the process of actually enrolling? \
*The process of actually enrolling, um, choosing courses in the past has been an interesting task, especially fully, being able to understand what you're doing before you enrol it.* \
What do you find, like, most confusing about picking your courses? \
*I'd say navigating it to the course planner.* \
Like, the course planner, as in the one presented by UQ?\
*Yeah, yes.*\
What's some more, like, information you wish you would have had when you were first picking your courses, apart from what’s presented on the course planner? \
*I would say that more detail in the physical day-to-day learnings in the course rather than just a brief overview.*\
So, like, more specifics about what the course will entail for you to learn. \
*Yes.*\
What information sources in the past, apart from the UQ planner, if any, have you sought when selecting your courses? \
*I've sought the program guides and summaries. However, sometimes they can be not exactly clear.* \
Yeah, not detailed enough. \
*Not detailed enough.* \
What about suggestions from other students? \
*I've taken suggestions from other students.* \
Yeah. Do you wish there was kind of, like, a centralised place to see everyone's thoughts in a course, like ratings, their personal descriptions and stuff? \
*Yeah, I believe, um, we do have sort of a system place here where we reviews course after we've attended them, but that information is not public.*\
Yeah, not publicised, yeah. Do you have any electives in your degree? \
*Yes.* \
What do you consider when deciding which electives to undertake? \
*Um, personal interest.*\
Yeah, is that the main thing you'd say? \
*Yes.* \
Do you ever struggle with finding subjects that adhere to your personal interests? \
*Yes, occasionally. Some electives would be interesting to me, and then I would read further into maybe the way the course was assessed, and that would put me off enrolling.*\
And do you wish there was like a better system for searching? Searching courses based on, like, keywords you were interested in? \
*Yeah, yes.*\
So you find it, like, suboptimal, the way it is right now. \
*Yeah, definitely.*\
Okay sweet, based on your past experiences with enrolling, what are some features that weren't present or well implemented that you wish the enrolment system would have had? Does anything come to mind? \
*I know in the past, I've struggled too enroll in specific courses that I've liked, because that information, like you said, isn't available through a search bar, through keywords.* \
So you kind of have to hunt for them?\
*Yeah, and it's through word of mouth, I picked some of my courses.*\
So the search system could definitely be a lot better?\
*Yes.*\
When you were enrolling do you feel like the system was responsive enough and sending feedback when you were selecting courses? Like, for example, warnings, about potential clashes, or, like, confirmation that you had selected a course. And if not, what kind of feedback or response do you wish you would have had? \
*Maybe email feedback would be a better system. The only feedback I really had that, confirmed that I was enrolled in the course, I would have to, like, go and check my timetable or MYSI.net.*\
And normally you have to wait for that to even respond.\
*Yeah, normally it takes a day or 2 to flow through.* \
Yeah. What about with any clashes? Was there anything you kind of wished you had been told about? \
*Yeah, information on whether, when I'm planning my timetable, whether or not I must be in attendance, or if it's relevant to be in attendance, of every…*\
All the lectures or seminars, for example.\
*Yeah, and offered like contact hours. And if it was optional, or recommended, but not assessed or vital, before turning up, because it could potentially be a waste of time.*\
Yeah, right, yeah. Well, that pretty much wraps up our interview. Thank you very much. That was some good feedback. And I hope you have a nice rest of your day and it was nice to meet you. \
*Thank you.*

