# Jack Cole Interview 3
[Link to recording on MS teams](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/jack%20cole%20interview%203.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=XEqXoj)

Nice to meet you. Thanks for taking the time out of your day to do this after we just met in the library. 
*No problem. It's always good for strangers to ask me questions.* 
Yeah. So, uh, first question, what are some of the issues you have encountered with the current UQ enrolment system? 
*Um, I didn't have enough information. When I was selecting my courses, I didn't know what specific courses to go into.*
What sort of information do you mean? 
*Like, what courses to go into, like, engineering and what math to take and what path to take? And only after doing my 1st draft of picking my courses, then I did realise that was a PDF that I had to, like, find, sort out.*
And they should have made that information clearer, you mean?
*Yeah, right.*
So I guess the next question was going to be, what do you find confusing about picking your courses? But I suppose for you, it's, like, the path? 
*Yeah, so there were so many courses that they offer, but there was, like, suggested ones that I should have done, but it took me ages to find the document that told me what to peak, basically my subjects at school. Just so many courses and not enough direction.*
Apart from that document that you found after researching, was there any other information sources that you actually physically sort out to select your courses, such as the UQ website or anything like that? 
*Yeah, I tried to find information on the UQ website, but a lot of them just gave pretty unclear or broad and, like, information.*
Like very, very vague?
*Like, no, like, specific courses listed or anything.  Yeah, and no, like, directions to go find that.*
So you would have rather the system that kind of tells you based on your degree structure, like a rough plan, or, like, most commonly taken courses?
*Yeah, straight away, so I wouldn’t have to sacrifice hours to find the course document.*
Yeah. How about your electives? Do you have any electives? 
*Um, I don't at the moment, 'cause of my subjects at school. But even finding which ones to replace my electives is hard.*
What do you normally consider when you're picking an elective? 
*Um, how much I like it, like, at how good I am at it, and how naturally it comes to me, and I obviously don't pick the stuff I don't have interest in.* 
Was there any features you can think of whilst you were enrolling that you wish had been, like, present or, like, well implemented, that you thought, like, an enrolment system should have? 
*Um, probably, like, a step by step enrolment system, other than just implement all your your subjects in one go. Maybe go step by step, like, this is what you should have based off your subjects of school, and then go to the next subject.*
Oh, right, so you could like enter in your pre-reqs that you've done or something like that.
*Yeah, and see what I can do.*
Did you feel that the current enrolment system was responsive enough in sending feedback, confirmation, or warnings when you were selecting a course? Or would you have rather, for example, if you had a clash, like it would have told you, or something like that? 
*Yeah, well, for my first thing, I did actually have a lot of clashes, and it took me a while to get those sorted out, and I didn't really know of that before. Also, when I was selecting courses, that was probably one semi confirmation after I did it. And after that, it didn't really- It wasn't really enough. I just kind of prayed that it was confirmed, and I didn't get left out, yeah.*
