# Jack Cole Interview 4
[Link to recording on MS teams](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/jack%20cole%20interview%204.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=90mefh)

Nice to meet you. I'm Jack.
*Nice to meet you.*
And do I have your consent to film this interview? 
*Yes, you do.*
Oh, OK, lovely. All right, so 1st question. What are some of the issues that you have encountered with the current UQ enrolment system, in your experience?
*I think the only issue was that my timetable uploaded the courses that I enrolled in way later than it said it would. I think it said it would take like an hour after enrolment for it to show up on my timetable, but someone, it takes like, a lot longer.*
Like a few days or something like that?
*Yeah, yeah, yeah.*
How about before that, when you were actually picking your courses? What did you find confusing about that? 
*Like, in terms of what courses I wanted to do?* 
Yeah, in terms, like, what courses you felt, like, were mandatory or what you wanted to do, and kind of sectoring them up.
*Yeah, well my course has like, a really specific program plan. So I didn't really have any issues with choosing what to do because the program is set out, pretty much exactly the way you have to do it.* 
Yeah, right. What about your electives?
*I've only just started having electives this year, but two of them are the electives that have to, like you can choose from a number of different choices but they’re all economics or finance. And then I only had one general elective, so like, when I was choosing what to do, for the econ and finance ones, there was a Econ course guide from one of the societies that I looked through. And it rated all of them on like, difficulty and assessment and stuff like that. So I just flipped through that and decided, you know, what courses to do based on… well I chose the ones that didn't have exams, but UQ policy changed, so that didn’t really do anything. But I also just chose the ones that I either thought were interesting or that didn't seem too difficult. And then for my general elective, I... when I was, like, doing my enrolment in MYSI.net, I just ticked St. Lucia for the campus, and then I just ticked any of areas that I was interested in. And then whatever popped up, I just looked up the course codes and saw which ones that I could do, that didn't require prerequisites.*
When you were picking your general elective, did you find that the website was quite, like, responsive and kind of gave you options that you wanted, options you were looking for? 
*Yeah. Yeah. No problems with it, yeah.* 
Did you wish you had any more feedback when you were selecting the courses? Whether it be, like, for electives or for your mandatory ones?
*Um, I think all the information that I needed was on the course profile. So, I guess, the only thing was just flicking back and forth between my timetable and the cross profile.*
So, would you have preferred, like, for example, if it was all in like, one kind of one place to look at it, so you weren't switching between, like, your selection and the course profile? 
*That might have been a bit easier, like, if there were hyperlinks, especially between MySI-net and the course profiles.*
Well, that's pretty much it. Thank you very much for the interview and have a nice rest of your day. 
