# Jack Cole Interview 1
[Link to recording on MS teams](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:v:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/jack%20cole%20interview%201%20week%204.mp4?csf=1&web=1&e=fVkdhK)

What are some of the issues you have encountered with the current UQ enrollment system?\
*Issues? it's quite slow to drop out of the course and then enroll in a new one in the timetable app, and I feel it's hard to know what courses to select and I'm not sure how to, like, keep track of enrolments towards my program.*\
Yeah so you mentioned selecting your courses, the next question was what do you find confusing about picking your courses at UQ, specifically.\
*Picking courses, what’s hard about it, I think is to understand what you actually learn. I think UQ does well in giving the assessments, but the actual the topics of what's covered and how it relates back to different degrees potentially is something...*\
Kind of like the long term benefits of the course?\
*Yeah long term, like big picture of the course.*\
Well, it's funny you mention that because the next question we had was what information do you wish you had like specifically when you first began picking your courses?\
*OK, some would be like what it would, what other courses it could lead to like some first-year ones, you know where that could take me...*\
Like courses that maybe for example, for a concrete example, like it could tell you what that course is a prerequisite for.\
*Yes, what it’s a pre-req for. Like, the pre-req for a course is quite well defined, and it’d be nice to have it the other way.*\
What information sources have you sought when selecting your courses?\
*So I normally just go through like the UQ courses and the internal website, but I've also checked out some societies have made course guides. So, I've read a little bit of that, and also mostly just word of mouth. Yeah, learning from friends who have heard from a friend or somebody who’s taken the course.*\
Do you ever go somewhere to see like what's actually the required courses for your degree, is that just regularly on the UQ website you’ll check that?\
*Yeah, UQ website, I checked for my year what I need from my program.*\
What do you consider when deciding your electives?\
*Electives, mostly for me, is what I’m interested in. So something that wouldn’t feel like work when I’m actually studying. So I don’t look for what’s easy, but what would stimulate me.*\
Do you wish there was an easier way to kind of find the electives that would fit a topic? Like, say, for example, you just want to write in something you're, like, interested about, like philosophy, And instead of just directly matching, like, the title of the course, like it would now, like, it matches the description or something like that.\
*Yeah, some keywords would be nice, keyword searches, and maybe like a forum so you could post about courses.*\
Yeah that’d be cool, okay, last 2. Based on your past experiences with enrolling, what are some features that weren't present or well implemented that you desired or felt that an an enrollment system should have had when you're actually filling it out? Did anything come to mind for you?\
*Yeah, I think that, you know, the lack of like student confidence in courses made me a bit wary of what a course would be like. And I feel like if there was a system, that would be good.*\
Did you feel that the enrollment system was responsive enough in sending feedback or like confirmation or warnings or whatnot when selecting courses? And if not, what kinds of feedback or responses would you have liked to have seen just to prevent, like, uncertainty when you're selecting the course.\
*Yeah, I feel most of the time it’s quite responsive. It takes like, maximum one business day. But I’d like to see email confirmation, for when you drop a course or swap a course or there’s a clash.*\
Like a receipt, kind of?\
*Yeah, like a receipt. Because I was once in a position where I dropped a course, but I didn't receive any emails about it.*\
So you were unsure if you were still enrolled?\
*Yeah*\
Yeah fair enough, well that wraps up the interview, it was nice to meet you.\
*Nice to meet you, hope I could help.*\
