# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 4
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/New%20Recording%209.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=NnaWsr
So, like, first I I, your consent to, like, record this, right? Yeah. Alright, chill. First question is, could you briefly summarise your experiences in choosing your courses at UQ for the very first time? Um... It took a bit of research. Um, it was like, pretty lengthy. Uh. I found it a bit difficult, um, but... Over a positive and negative. It was it was positive,'c there was a lot of resources to help me figure it out. Okay. Were these resources, like, in one place where did you have to go out and find all of them? I had to go to a few different places to find, different things to, like, put them all together to help me. So it wasn't all in the same place, but rough, it was like, on the YQ website, but just in different places. Did you, like, what places did you use the site? just the UQ website? Um Yeah, mostly. ID or I just search up or just on normal Safari as well, just to give me some help in deciding which things to choose as well, but most of the resources when you can go. OK, that's chill. Which parts of the course choosing process did you find challenging?. I deciding which is I needed to choose now compared to later. Are you talking about, like, in terms of, like, prerecks and stuff like that? No, I mean, like, which.. Like, core, core things. Like, you know, like, the core ones. You mean like, what classes are you taking? Well, like, sorry, what course are you try and take? Like, Oh, are you talking about, like, the overall course? Yeah, like, just what course and, like, a degree end course, so I should probably mention.. Like, degree being, like, engineering. Yeah, okay, so you're doing engineering. So you mean like your first year, you're stock to, like, specifically these specific set courses, but you're talking about, like, after that, you'd be a bit confused? Well, no, that's the thing. In the first year more than just core things I can take, and like, I should be taking, so it was kind of confusing on which ones out of those, I should be taking to better understand the, um, degree. I like. Yeah. Which ones will help me better in the first year to be taking Ben compared later? Okay, so if there was, like, something to, like, just organise it and, like, put everything in, like, a good order, would that be more helpful to than what the current systems? Yeah. Okay. In what ways do the organisation of Information on various webpages, impact your experience? So that could be like, was the information to, like, spread out? Was it like, not clear enough? I think that. There was too many different resources across, different areas. Like, if there was something if there was one resource which told me. or which told me which specialisation requires, which things, and also then. What? core. Uh, classes, like, you instead, there was kind of there was one program thing, which would tell me that in the first year, I should take however many courses and each semester, like and then there was another resource which said, if you want to do this specialisation, take these, of course, specifically. What specialisation you doing? Uh, I haven't specialised yet. Some I'm doing like a flexible first. That was another thing. And there wasn't really a good outline for doing the flexible first year, even though they say, it's one of your options. They don't really give you.. Like, they have plans if you choose a special specialisation, but if you do flexible first year, they don't really have a set plan for it. So you kind of just have to go off of like what you think you might like. Yeah, that's what I had to kind of research the.. Yeah, what I thought I might want a specialise in later, and then choose some of my um, elective course, I guess they call whatever, based off of what I think I might like. So it's not so much a. It's not as flexible as you might think, because you still need to generally pick like stuffeners. There's the specific stuff you do need to still pick. It's not as it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Which information regarding courses was hard to locate or understand? For instance, like, you might not know, like the workload of a specific course, like the statics course. I don't know if you' taken that, that's an engineering course. would you, like think that the workload or difficulty level of that course was hard to access? Yeah, definitely for, like, they didn't. They had like a very brief outline of what the subject covers, but they don't go into much depth about it. So it's kind of. Like, I get that edge 13300 is electrical system spot. And I get it deals with circuits. Other than that, though, I didn't have any clue that it would be as hard as it is now that I'm experiencing. So yeah. Okay. What sources or individuals did you depend on to aid you in making your choices regarding courses? I mean the main source you. Oh, yeah. They have like parents or, like, anyone else help you? I mean, my parents. Not really. In terms of chooseoosing my courses and stuff, that was just mainly researching the YQ website, just accessing their different resources... Okay. If the enrolment system assisted you in completing the task, what form of guidance would have helped you, like it could have, like a you can't pick this one because you require prerequisites or, like, does this go with your template that you like, think would be good for your specialisations? Like, for example, your like, flexible first year? If it's picking something that wouldn't go well if it would, like, notify or like it could just generally assist you, like, how could what features do you reckon that could be? Like, like a kind of plan, are you saying? Like a Just like any feature in general, I just giving you an example of a feature. Okay. Yeah, well, definitely there was like, a resource where, say, you plugged in some courses that you were thinking and it kind of tells you. Like, if you if I said I'm I'm in my first year, give me some courses that I first of all should be taking it and then some electorsity choose from. And if it gave me, like, all in that resource and gave me descriptions and stuff like that, that would be kind of handy, and it would just plan it out for me,cause, like, I can plan it, but I have to kind of draggle the materials across myself and then I'll destructure it from there as if there was. more centralised? Yeah, it was just more centralised, something that I could kind of select could drop down of options. And then it tells me, this is compatible with your first year, like, Um, requirements or something like that. It'll just be handy. Okay, that's all. Thanks, dude.