# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 3
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/New%20Recording%209.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=NnaWsr
I have your consent to record, correct? Yes. Okay, so first question is, could you briefly summarise your experience in choosing your courses at yourQ for the very first time? Like the subject? Yeah, just like course selection. I't choose What did you major in? I'm doing pharmacy. Pharmacy? So we got set courses, we don't get a PR subjects or anything. So it was just all laid out for you? Yeah, all laid out. Were you ever going to pick, like, another course? Like, was there ever thought about that?? Yeah, there was. There was. I like had, I had like, the course vs open, I had like different pages marked for courses I. If you didn't do pharmacy, what would you? Um, I was thinking either buy medicalical science or bachelor science. So if you picked either of those, would you have known what to do? Because I don't think those a priests selected. I. I don't I don't think they are selected you have to pick true objects for those. So, would you have known, like, what to do if you hadt been in that situation? I feel like it be some resources that will help you and reach out to some friends, because I know a lot of people doing those courses as well, see what they're doing. But they also knew at that time? Um, yeah. So were they know what to do as well? I have no clue. We grew out together. Figure out together, OK. Which parts of the course choosing did you find challenging? only challenging part was my time and furing that out. There was no really challenging all that, and then.. So, like, you didn't, like, find Yeah, because obviously it was pre selected. But, like, if we go back to that other example with Bachelor of Science or biomedical sciences, would you have found that a bit difficult then? Yeah, just having a pick, which subjects to be able to even better. So they're doing first, because some people get like a there's like, people like aren't they say like, oh, do these subjects first, like these ones will be better for you in first years. And that's why you getting the information. That's probably where most people got the information like from like, in social media, people asking other people who've gone through it in this world. Okay. In what ways did the organisation of information on various webpages impact your experience? So, like, when you're using a webpage, did you find it like helpful? Like, was it all in one place or was it all spread out? Uh, Usually a lot of it's all spread out. I usually just, like, controls. and search, like few words. things, but, I mean, Y's pretty helpful. Is it like inconvenient trying to like, having to use like that control F to find it all the tough? Yeah, a bit annoying. Especially if you're not using the right word. So you're saying it's like, all very spread out? It wasn't generalised information, all in one spot. There would be like, a general cage and there's a bunch of different like leaks where you can go to have to like, go through all of them until you find something. Yeah, that doesn't sound great.. spitious. Yeah, so if it was all together, would that be, like, better for you? Yeah, that would be a lot. I see. Which information regarding courses was hard to locate or understand? Like, for instance, it could be your, like workload, or your course, like, when it just anything in general that you wish you had it known before picking the different courses? Um. maybe just like time tables like classes. There's such a hassle. And then freaking out, like, times and all that, and. I don't even know, like, it was just such a hassle. Like, I think I had, like, I had to make, like, three drafts of my timetable. Oh, no. before I actually picked out which ones I wanted... So they was going to take you to just a lot of time? It took me a lot. So why didn't you need to make those three trials? Was it just like that it kept on clashing with your bosses? It like clashing and then like the videos were like giving us? I never really kind of understood them. What do you mean? Like, they were, like videos on, like, making a timetable and all that, and they were, like.. So how would you have preferred them to, like, give you that information, how to make the timetable? Yes. Cause there was, like, a part of my Y page, that wasn't my floating properly. Like, I had to wait, like, a couple hours before I could actually make my time table properly. Yeah. So. But they didn't say that in the video. So I'm, like, trying to make it work, but it's not working. So I gave up, and when I came back a couple hours later, then it started working, it started being like the video set it would be like... Oh, okay. So there's just cool communication. Yeah. Okay. What sources or individuals did you depend on to you in the selection of your courses? The ones, like in the orient setting up in my EQ, that's kind of. I was going through watching like every single video that they were like, giving up when setting up our EQ stuff. Well, the video's actually helpful, or would there be, like, another way you want to get that information? They were helpful. They were. But they all, like spread out over there in one spot. They were pretty spread out, like as you're going along, they've just got video videos. Okay. So, would you want them more compact or would you like the ballet worth?. I just like they were they just flowed with the information that was coming through. Not, like, changing with this, but, like, where you found the videos. Oh, maybe, like, yeah, compact will be easier, because when I went to looking for the videos again, I have to, like, go over every single page trying to find where they were located in the main page. And if they were, like, compact, I could find them all.. One last question, if, um the en involvement list, enrolment system assisted you in taking your courses, what tool would you like it to use? I don't even know, they'Cause myes were all pretty. Put yourself in the shoes of, like, if you were going to do bi med. Like, what would you like then?, maybe just, like, even, like, suggestions as to what people doing. Would it be like, recommend, like, take these courses in your personal? Yeah, like recommended ones like what they what those shoes have sent what easier to make back. I feel like that would be helpful is I had to pick my. Okay, that's it. Thank you.
