# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 1 
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/New%20Recording%208.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=7v8NjY
All right, so first off, I have your permission to record correct? Yes. Okay, so my first question to you is going to be, could youefly summarise your experience in choosing your courses at your que for the very first time?. Like, how I did it. Yeah, like, how the over experience was, like, positive negative.. It was pretty positive. It was pretty easy to navigate websites and stuff. So it was just positive? Is there anything, like, negative that was just, like, you just couldn't, like figure out something? Or was it just entirely positive? No, just as positive experiences? Yeah, just positive. I didn't have any a website or anything. Like finding anything. Okay. Which parts of the course choosing process did you find challenging? I didn't find any. I knew what I wanted to do. So what did you end up picking and I doing pharmacy right now. Ph Phacy or med. There's one of the two. So when you were picking that degree, did you have any problems with like, say, the actual, like the courses you needed to pick? Like, was it just straight out you knew how to dooodle and you could access the information easily? Yeah. And you also. I had a friend help me. Oh, okay. Yeah. So that's how you got the information. Okay. And what ways did the organisation of information on various webpages impact your experience? So base asking did you use webpages and if so, how did that impact your experience? Oh. I did use webpages. They were pretty organised overall. I think information was pretty easy to find. Like, horse codes and all that. Where did you find them all? Somewhere in there. Just UQ website? Yeah, just the UU website. Like when you like, you went pharmacy and it was just there. Yeah, everything. I thought a bit of digging, but it was pretty easy to find. It didn't take very long either. Okay. Which information regarding courses was hard to locate or understand, for instance, workload or courseulty? Um There wasn't anything coursety. You can't you in. So, like, the really specific info, like, what you're exactly learning, like, in the course. Like, you what subjects you're doing for, like, what exactly entails and all that. Like, workload, how many lectures or five plus you got. Could you So, like what you're saying is it kind of gave you just some of the minimal stuff, but would you like it to have said it's. Because like it's obviously expected that it's like 10 hours per cost, I think. But would you rather it like be like tell you to like specifically say word word and difficulty? Like are there anying classes right now that you wish you had have known how difficult they were before you were going into them? So you could take a bit more seriously? Not really. I think kind of go. It's not too bad. But, like, I want more information on, like, I guess, the specifics of it. Like, what it's gonna look like when you actually do the course, instead of like, what backual course is, what I mean? No, could you explain a bit further? Like, what I played, what you're learning in each subject, not just what the subject is. Because sometimes, like, I guess in a way the title does, like, tell you what it is, but it's not exactly specific. Yeah, it's bit of it's like throwing cold above of cold water over your head which you actually like finally hold over there because it can be completely different. Okay, I get you I get what you're saying. What sources are individuals that you depend on to aid you in making your choices regarding courses? So you can't touch this. Yeah, like, how did you, like cyber courses to take? I kind of already knew what I wanted to do. Yeah, basically Was it that friend who was just too talking about? Yeah, my friend helped me get, like, I already knew what forces I wanted to do. Is he like a previous, like, meds or like pharmacy student, so he already used I kind of well, I've I knew what I wanted to do. I wanted to do med, and then if I didn't get up to pharmacy and then ri into med. Yeah, to get. And like, are you aware of like, how to do all that kind of stuff? how to do. And was that, so was that friend, like an experienced individual or did he like.. Oh, no, he just help me like navigate the work and I get my. Yeah, like, was he like in an older granny, like a ready? He's on it already. Oh, okay. Yeah. But I already knew what I wanted to do, so it wasn't too bad. Like, looking what I wanted. So would you say for like, someone, I'm not, I know you're not, like, if you didn't know what you were going to do, would you find it, like a little bit more confusing? Yeah, I think it'll be. You kind of be going in the air like everything and you wouldn't really know what you wanted to do. So that would make you hard, that you the website. You can have to have an idea of what you want to do to actually start. Yeah, exactly. And if you didn't know what to do, would it just be, like, very convoluted and confusing is what you're saying? Everything was just kind of just thrown at you and then you'd have to, like.. It was basically, like sink or swim. Yeah. If it was like a more generalised, would you find it better? Like, if everything was just summarised into one spot? I think so. I think that's just because there's so many options, and if you didn't know what you wanted to do. you kind of had, like, nowhere to go off, but you had nowhere to start. So you could really. Okay, one last question. If the enrolment system assisted you inc completing the task, what form of guidance would you want to have added? Like, say if it, like, said, hey, you're doing pharmacy. These courses would be good to take your first semester. These cours would be good to take second semester, so on. Like, that's an example, but it could be something different. Would be helpful. Yeah, like, you think of any features are helpful. Both features would you like this or not? I'll just give you an example. Policy. can't that didn't really get to pick any electics or anything. My thing would be helpful for someone, like psychology there have two subjects and the two electives. kind of giving them a head start and like making something that would have made them further in, like their courses so that they have a head start when they got to that would be. Okay, thank you.