# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 2
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/New%20Recording%209.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=NnaWsr
First off, I'll drive your permission to record. Yeah. Okay. Could you briefly summarise your experiences in choosing your courses at UQ for the very first time? Uh, confusing. How so? It was hard to navigate, like, some of the websites and stuff without, like, help from others, because I didn't know that you could see, like the individual content and like what parts you would be going through each year by semester.. So I didn't know about that. Did you like it pick, like, the wrong courses versus because you picked, like, with someone's guidance, you would. Okay. Because I got my brother's help. He showed me how to log on and I think it was like PDFs and that kind of thing that has, like, structure, like, courses and that kind of stuff on how they would recommend you take the uni. Courses throughout the year. Okay. Which parts of the course choosing process did you find challenging? Yeah, sure. Which parts of the course choosing process did you find challenging? Ensuring that I picked the right order to take the, like, units in. So, you say you might pick, like, a second g class or like something that required prerequisites first? I was worried that that would have been the case, and that's why I had to do more research and everything like that online. So did you was it not easy to find that information originally, like the prerequisites based on the courses because it's not easy to find that on the course website? By myself, I wouldn't have known that it was an option, like, that it did exist to, like, have that ability. Like, someone had already recommended, like, that whale... Yeah, that makes sense. So, like, for example, then, like a second year class, like, that you should take it, would you know what a second year class was? Um. without pri knowledge, probably not. So you would have just picked it, and just wouldn't have been good for you at all, because you would have just had to, like, backtrack and was it more time. Yes, I would have had to reenroll in, like, the classes that I' meant to be in. That would just, yeah, that would have been very fun. In what ways did the organisation of information on various web pages impact your experience? So we've kind of just already to just touched on that. It's kind of it's all scattered right now, what I'm kind of gathering from what you've told me. Yeah, I would agree with that. So when you're trying to navigate the website, you can basically go through like three different things and get to different areas, which makes it very confusing.. So you're saying, like you want to book centralised then? Yes. Bef all that information was just, sorry, I keep on cutting up. Yes. But if it was more in one place, it would be a lot easier to make a decision. Like, collated and more. succinct, like, where it's easily, like, mapped out and you have, like, a clear flow or process to, like, understand what, where you're meant to be going in the next steps, when joining into uni. Okay. which information regarding courses was hard to locate or understand? For instance, like a workload of course or the actual difficulty of a course? It was hard getting around, like, thinking about all the different websites for the uni work, because you have Echo 360, I believe it is where you can watch your lectures, but then you also have, like all the other places where you upload your assignments and see, like.. I'm talking, like, more about, like, before you actually enrolled, like, would it be good to, like, know that the actual difficulty of the course that you're taking and the amount of, like, workload that be expected of you? I think that would be helpful, especially, like, maybe hours per week. Well, it's like a set 10 hours per week, but, like, it already says, like, you have to do these assignments, then like, it kind of like semi- outlines it, but it's, like, a bit more separated in like the actual course profile. So if it was brought together, like.. Yes, where it, like showed it at the beginning. Yeah. That would help me manage how much time and like stuff, like, my life around you would help me get. Yes. Thank you. All right. What sources or individuals did you depend on to aid you in the selection of your courses? Um, I used other people, mainly. Like your brothers? Yeah, my brother. And I talked to other UU students that I knew at the time, like, what they would recommend for, like, getting set up for uni, like, what websites for uni mainly uses and trying to get familiar with that. So, I kind of had to search up a lot of stuff to try and work that out. And if you didn't have that extra help, what would have happened? I think I probably would have either enrolled in the wrong kind of course, or ended up taking the wrong classes in the order. Yes, that's obviously just not what you want. Okay. One last question. If the enrolment system assisted you in completing, like, the enrolment task, what features would you want added? Um. Like, you mean, like, someone being able to call up and, like, help me through it out? Not really call it, like, for example, if you were to pick something, you would say, it's recommended that you do these courses at this time. So I would like something where it's very clear about, like, first year subjects and what they would recommend to take and then, like, having that clearly thought out, but then also. possibly some more information about, like, the uni. life and the things on, maybe in that course. Is that what you're.. Yeah, that's kind of what I'm saying. Like, any feature that you think would be good? Like a calendar that outlines all of the different things as well, that you can put in, that has, like, extracurriculars, your assignments, any things that are coming up in that faculty that you're a part of, like, maybe something they can submit where they have, like, key things on in weeks. Okay. Alright, thanks, that's all. Sorry.