# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 5
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/New%20Recording%209.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=NnaWsr
All right, just I have your consent to record. Yes, okay cool. Could you briefly summarise your experience in choosing your courses at UQ for the very first time? It was really easy because I knew what I wanted to do. and I just chose the ones that I thought would be the easiest to go over and done with. So, you kind of just already knew what you wanted to do and it made it easier for you to just select those courses. Yeah. Okay. Which parts of the course choosing process did you find challenging? Um. It was a bit hard because some of the courses, they seemed like they had a lot more math in them. Like the business information systems, like, that was.. Did they not like inform you enough, like, about the course choices when you were picking them? No, I don't think I read enough about it, but, um, I just.. thought that I would just get it overdone with 'cause I'm not that good as math. Oh, yeah, that's fair enough. But, like, was it, like, did it not, like, inform you enough, like, in the information about the course, that there was, like, it was a more math heavy subject, for example? No, I don't think it did. Okay. In what ways did the organisation of information on various webpages impact your experiences? So basically, when you were like actually going through the webpages on youQ, was it all too, like spaced out when you were trying to like, look for the information or was it centralised? Like, what parts were you spaced out, would you say? Um, just like all the information about the courses, like, I feel like, you just had to click all these different things to try and find out what you actually need to know. It wasn't just all on one page. And it was I'maging it was also a bit disillusioning to just, like, be put into uni and just not know, like, exactly what you were doing. Like, I'm saying, for example, like, your prerequisites, there was stuff, like, if you picked the wrong subject before a prerequisite, you probably wouldn't be completely able to do something. Was that something that you knew beforehand or did that, like, impact your decision making at all? Um, no, not particularly, no. I think for me, it was it was fine. OK. Which information regarding courses was hard to locate or understand? Like, for example, the workload of something, the difficulty, or what the actual subject was talking about, like the composition, like math, like English, science, logic, any of that type of thing. I'm not too sure. Yeah, like, um. Yeah, I really haven't known for that. Yeah. What about the workload of it? Did it, like, did you, like, kind of get, like, a vibe of, like, what the workload or, like a difficult level of the course was based on, like the information you had, like beforehand? Yeah, like, I noticed that some of them look like they were more heavy loads. Like, the accounting, which is, like, way more than my Japanese. Okay. What sources or individuals did you depend on to aid you in making your choices regarding courses? just the like normal, like context of each, like, subject, um, I'll just read up on that. No, like, did you, like, get any, just, like, the context? Like, you didn't have anyone else help you, like, your parents or, like. Oh, yeah, my dad helped me, yeah. Did he go to UQ or, like, UQT as well? He went to QT. What did he major in? He did a bunch of different. So because he had more, like, of that information in that, like, specific degree, or, like, he's gone to uni, it was a bit easier to, like, help you. Do you have, like any older siblings that could have helped you either? No, No. I. Yeah. S.. So it was that kind of, like, helped you a bit, because he knew, like, all about, like, subject codes and stuff. Do you know, like, about. For, like, for example, do you know, like the numbers on the right side? Yeah. Like, you might not have known that, like, the first number meant, like, if it was a first year or second year. I know that. Yeah, my dad. I have to tell me about that. Yeah, because personally, I didn't know that, and I had to pull out of one of my subjects because I didn't know that it was a a third year subject. Oh, right. Yeah. Yeah. Not fun. Yeah. Okay. If the enrolment system assisted you in completing the task, what form of guidance would have helped you? I think them telling you, like, how much workload offer each one, like, like, you know, to actually telling you, like, how many hours you need to put in for the ass Simon or that. If you didn't actually tell you that until you have to kind of like work it out on your own. Would you like any, like, features about, like, actually, like planning subjects or like recommendations, like, if something went against its recommendation, would you like to be, like, notified about that? Yeah. Are there any other features that you could, like, think of that could just generally help? Maybe just, like telling the students, you know, of course, like the course, you know, if it's a first year course and, like, telling them that the first number of that course is the first year, you knowCause I'm going second you course for human reasons, and. Oh, no. Yeah, and so, like, I've. So there's like prerecks for that? No, I just the subject my dad did for me. Yeah. And like, that I realised, oh, my God, everyone in this class is. Is the second year. And so I just I had to catch up. Catch up with, like, what do you mean, in terms of catch up, like course content? Everyone already knew how to like.. Everything worked. Yeah, everything worked. And like, how it a bit disusioning assignments, yeah, so like, I was sort of like.s all good? All right, that's all.