# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 3
https://uq.sharepoint.com/teams/Section_7620_22283/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fteams%2FSection%5F7620%5F22283%2FShared%20Documents%2F14%5FMary%2FRecording%203%2Em4a&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview%2E7525e87a%2Df0ed%2D4afc%2D8b35%2D41c6770ef421
OK, so I have your permission to record correctly. Yes. What's your name? Ben Benz. Okay, so my first question to you, what are some of the issues you have encountered with the current UQ enrolment system? I found for my course, not not course degree, which is engineering that there were so many options, and I felt that it could have been more up front on the guidance of which courses to pick, depending on the preferred outcome of the degree. So you just over well felt really, just overwhelmed because there was just so much choice because engineering such a broad degree. Not necessarily overwhelmed, but certainly underguided. Okay. So if you had, like a system to just better guide you in whatever direction you want based on, like, I don't know, your interests or something like that, would that make you feel a bit more educated in your decision? Yes, I know that there are co profiles, which are sort of recommended courses to take for a degree, but they seem far less personalised. A system like you suggested would be effective. Okay. And then I'll go, what information do you wish you had when you first began picking your courses I think a brief explanation of the subject matter and also the assessment type, which I think is already provided on the course profile. Maybe to make it easier, would it be better that if you just found all that information in just one condensed place instead of just just strung out in different sections that you have to go looking for Yes, that would be beneficial. jumping between the courses page and the course details was a bit of a hassle when I was deciding what course is to pick. I can imagine that. Okay, so what information sources have you sort out when selecting courses? I don't know what any of the pages are actually called, but on the I think it's the coarse profiles, before selecting my courses, I went to the course profiles to see what the prerequisites and the contact hours and a brief explanation of each subject was, and also the page dedicated to the different engineering pathways, which has the list of which courses are under the umbrella of that degree and contributing towards that major. Okay. Okay. So then, what do you consider when deciding your life? If you kind of went over that a little bit, but would you mind saying a bit more? considering electives, I guess for engineering, the electives end up. sort of funnelling you towards a major and a specialisation. So, when picking those, it's about what would, um benefit me in the long term of getting to a well rounded position and being knowledgable in a certain subject area to benefit employability. Okay, so you wouldn't pick it based on just, like, some interests, just like to do something fun that's not related to your degree, it has to, like, benefit your degree directly? I don't think I have time for fun subjects. Okay. Based on your past experiences with enrolling, what are some features that weren't present, or well implemented that you desire or should be in the enrolment system? I didn't find about. I didn't find out about the recommended or template course selections, until after I had done it. I don't know whether that was use or error. I just missed it on the sort of welcome toQ timeline thing that you go through. But I was only told about it after I had finished. So I think if that was more prominent, perhaps on the..... course list page, that would be beneficial. Okay. And did you feel that the enrolment system was responsive enough and sending, like, little notifications, feedback, or confirmation when you were choosing your courses? Like, did it feel like it was guiding you well enough? Or could there be some improvements to those kind of feedback systems? I don't know what kind of feedback system you'd want for that. Like, for example, if you were picking a subject that required a prerequisite and you were a first year, who had done anything, there would be like like a tab saying, like, are you sure you want to pick this subject because you haven't met the prerequisites yet? That would probably be beneficial, but I.. I read through the course profiles, so I knew what the prerequisites for each subject. So they did a good enough job then. I had to seek out the information, but the information was there. Okay. That's all. Thanks. Ben.