# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 5
https://uq.sharepoint.com/teams/Section_7620_22283/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fteams%2FSection%5F7620%5F22283%2FShared%20Documents%2F14%5FMary%2FRecording%205%2Em4a&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview%2Eb6c6a050%2D8411%2D47dc%2D9dbf%2Df3a3272e0e50
Yeah? Yeah. Do I have consent to record your voice? Yeah. Okay, cool. My first question is, what are some of the issues you had when enrolling with the enrolling with you?. I feel like the planers that they give you for the courses aren't that good, that they don't help you, decide what you're going to do on your second and third year, when it comes to prerequisites. So one of my courses that I had to do, actually, most of my third year courses that I had to do require a specific second year course, right, as a prerequisite. But that's not actually stated in the course planner that. So that's an interesting thing where, like, you really don't know what you're going to do in your second and third year. It's only really useful in your first year. And with the actual, like enrolment in your first year, I feel like they don't really give me that much help. It's just like, just like, do a bunch of things and they don't really give you information on it. So, was the problem that there was just, like, the information was too spread out or was it something else? Yeah, yeah, actually agree. It's very spread out. It's like, I would find three different websites which sort of say like slightly different things, right? It's not all consolidated into one page being like, this is what you need to get done. I suppose the most useful place is SIN. Yeah. But after you get, let's say after you get your offer for uni, right? You sort of, you know, need to navigate into that first, and that can take a while. Yeah, I can see. That's actually a really common problem. What information do you wish you had when you first started beginning your courses? Textbooks aren't required. I wasted like $100 on textbooks Then I found out that most courses, you just need to know the lecture content. So, with the actual, like, prerequisite classes, would that have been more helpful to know in your first year when you were picking those subjects for, like, third year? Or did you, like, know the route you were going to take already? No, no, it's. I didn't realise until I was stomach doing stuff in my second year, when I was rolling courses for my second year, when I realised, oh, I need to actually get smo. Prerequisit's under my belt. Oh, you know? But it's there are general prerequisites that you will do in the first year. Yeah. Right? So it's not really a big problem in the first year. It's chill up the first year. Okay. What information sources have you sought after when selecting a course? I just look at the. I don't know the exact type of website that it is, but it has, like, a brief description and it says what prerequisites are for that course, and the what causes that incompatible. and it has the ECP on it. So I'd say, like, I usually would check out the ECP electronic course profile.'s the most useful one. That's on the UQ website, right? I don't know where it is. I just know it exist. I'll type up like the name of the course and it'll be like usually the first thing that pops up. That's like the only thing I really look at before doing a course. Okay. What do you consider when deciding your electors? What looks fun, what I might be interested in doing, so I did a data science selective, and I enjoyed it, but I don't want to do that as a career, so I was just testing it out, you know,ive? Yeah. Yeah, exactly. But with my other electives, because I want to go into medicine, I have to use up my other elect to get that. Yeah, you're on that path. Based on your past experiences with enrolling, what are some features that weren't present or well implemented that you think should be implemented? I can't to be honest.. I've sort of forgotten what happened a year ago. Yeah, bro, I don't know. I can't. That's all good. Last question. Did you feel that the enrolment system is responsive enough in sending feedback confirmation and warnings when selecting a course And if not, what kinds of feedback would be better? Like, feedback. You could give? No, no, no, it gives you, based on the courses you select. Ah. I mean, I wish that a lot more courses were I would say, like, oh, with the prere this thing'cause that's just the most recent thing in my life. Yeah, right? I wish I would say, this course is prerequisite for this and this, and you need to do it for this. So it's highly recommended to do if you want to go down this pathway, right? It's usually like the other way where you look at what pathway you want to do and it'll tell you what course, what course is good for that, but I feel like when you have the options on like, the page, like when I go to my major, you for like, bio environment, right? And it's got the list of courses that I can do for that. I wish that when I pressed on that, it would be like, this will allow you to do this next year, you know? Yeah, so then what you're kind of saying is that that course, like course, it would be more helpful to see your options from first year onwards when you're just picking your courses. Is that what you're saying? Okay. That's all. Thank you.