# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 1
https://uq.sharepoint.com/teams/Section_7620_22283/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fteams%2FSection%5F7620%5F22283%2FShared%20Documents%2F14%5FMary%2FJeremy%5FDernier%5FRecording%5F1%5FGroup%5F14%2Em4a&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview%2E645f1e18%2Df69d%2D4c85%2D8afa%2Db360a5cdabdc&isDarkMode=true
Just to begin, I have your consent to record.. This is the audio recording. Okay, cool. So, my first question's gonna be, what are some of the issues you have encountered with the current UQ enrolling system? complicated's not really at things like classes and the timetling is, yeah, it's not very clear. So what you're saying is they have done a very good job of presenting that information. So you think they should do it in another way? I think it should be more, I guess accessible things that you have. Yeah. Okay. What do you find confusing about picking your courses at Yu? I guess scheduling? 'Cause when you choose your courses you don't really know whether or not I guess until you. So you want to system that more eagerly, easily, sorry? Organisers the timetable. So it'll say, like, hey, you have a class here, you can't pick a class. Is that what you saying? It'll be it'd be nice if there was like a hit, a head of like, their Romans. So, like, you could see it schedule a lot earlier. Even before you enrol courses, or like, classes, yeah. Okay, um, my next question is, what information do you wish you had when you first began picking your courses? I mean, like I said, just the timetling and I guess the kind of outline of how the process would be like and the workload just a lot of stuff, like guess, is like, you only get the information once you enrol with the classes. So yeah. Okay, um and what do you consider when deciding your electives? I guess I consider what I wanted for my course, I guess. Like I wanted for my my experience. If you is it more for the enjoyment or the just like curiosity? What's the curiosity, yeah. Um. What information sources have you sought after when selecting courses? I've looked I've asked students, like people who are already enrolled in the course or the same degree. I also looked online that GQ website and stuff like that. Based on your past experiences with enrolling, what are some features that weren't present or well implemented that you' desired or felt that an enroller system should have had? I guess, like a over view of the semester, the view would have been a lot. It would have been helpful before, I don't know. Okay. Did you feel that the enrolment system is responsive enough? Like, did it have enough guidance? Like, if you, for example, with you, you wish that with your timetable to have a bit more like warning, if you were picking like a clashing system. Can you add on to that? I guess... I guess the word. When I ask the question on, it were pretty respon to, which is, really helpful, but, I guess the fact that you have to really go out and answer for it is really hard, so I think just accessibilities or information will be a lot more. important thing. So, what your kind of saying is if all the information was in one place, it would make it a lot easier for you to kind of make your decisions. Okay, cool.