# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 2
https://uq.sharepoint.com/teams/Section_7620_22283/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fteams%2FSection%5F7620%5F22283%2FShared%20Documents%2F14%5FMary%2FJeremy%5FDernier%5FRecording%5F2%5FGroup%5F14%2Em4a&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview%2E15befac4%2D7a1d%2D45ce%2Daa76%2Db75889bd4811
Okay, so what is your name? Mahali Long. Okay, so my first No, that's all You're okay with me recording, right? Yes, I'm okay with your recording. Okay. So my first question, what are some of the issues that you had when you were encountered when you were at UQ in your enrolment system? In my enrolment system? Yeah, like when you're enrolling? I thought there were a lot lots of different pages for similar things, and it was very complex to sort of, what's it called? Navigate. That's a good word, yeah. Navigate all of them in terms of orientation enrolment, all that stuff. So what you're saying is that the whole system was just too complex. Yeah, complex. And like, I imagine for, my first language is English, but for non- English speakers, it might be very overwhelming and, yeah, complex and too busy. Yeah. And that's specifically what you found confusing about it. Yes. Yeah, definitely. Okay. What information do you wish you had when you first began picking your courses? Picking courses. I guess sort of more syn clearness over what the course involves and also language that is more access accessible for high school students. I' over university students where this language is more common. And also like a glossary of terms for the language that was being used, like in court courses and semesters and a guide to navigating this new sort of language and systems. Yeah. So basically, you're saying like easier access for international students because of their difficulty in choosing a language? Yeah, not even that, like, you're just even secondary students who, like, if you feel like you're a rural student and you're moving to Brisbane and you weren't able to go to those open days, I imagine all of that can be very openwhelming if you don't understand fully how to navigate everything. Yeah. Okay. What information sources did you go to when you were selecting your courses?. I went to, well, this is more personal, but I went to the school, um, what's it called? Academic Council that helps navigate that stuff. Also friends who have more experience in it and have had siblings go to university and also the UQ homepage and just sort of searching about, yeah. You've kind of touched on this already a little bit, but in your past experience when enrolling, what are some features that weren't present or well implemented that you would like to change? Oh, yeah, well, definitely sort of a more centrality, a central sort of homepage that has key points and everything you need to tick off when enrolling rather than five different pages that are all separate, that say similar things but different things and it's very unclear. Also a clear, yeah, just a guide to signing up again this on timetables, how that works, even, you know, transport options, maybe that might be useful. So just kind of automate the system a little bit more and just giving you the exact information you want. So maybe there was, like a sort of a bit easier of a selection to identify what you want and then present the exact information. Yeah, I think that would be much more useful. Okay. Yeah. Did you feel that the enrolment system is responsive enough in sending feedback confirmation, and warnings when selecting course? And if not, what kinds of feedback or response responses would you feel would provide sufficient confirmation or prevent unsure basically how unsure you feel after clicking a button? Yeah, I think it was pretty. It was okay. It was pretty clear. In terms of like selecting those courses, though, it was unclear about inputting the, like the codes, like, for what are we doing? Like if you're doing 20119 Soci, whatever it is. Sociality? It would say So sciences. But yeah, but it's like SOCY, whatever. Yeah. In putting that into the actual thing to submit that as your course, that you're doing this semester and just confirmation that that is for this semester over next semester and or also, definitely for those elective courses. I sign up to a second year course that knowing instead of a first year course. And it didn't exactly even inform me about that. And, yeah, selecting those electives would be much easier if there was more clear about. So like, you would like once more education on like what the actual codes mean, because like you would know that the one, the first number, it means a first year course. So you would want more clarity on that. 100%, yeah. Okay, cool. Well, that's all I have. Thank you much. Yes. Oh, easy peasy.