# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 4
https://uq.sharepoint.com/teams/Section_7620_22283/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fteams%2FSection%5F7620%5F22283%2FShared%20Documents%2F14%5FMary%2FRecording%204%2Em4a&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview%2Eb68b137d%2D36b8%2D4f54%2D8c60%2Dc574620673da
All right, can I record your voice? That' all good? Mm hmm. Yeah. Okay, so my first question is, what are some of the issues you've encountered with the current UQ enrolment system? Especially when picking my courses and like, assigning them, I've had to, like, I had to, like, like, pick them through, like, two different, like, websites, which is pretty confusing for me. I had to get someone to help me. Like the Mayaigner you? Yeah, yeah. So you want, like, the interface to all be just. Integrate, like more integr, yeah. Okay. And what did you find confusing about picking your courses? Um. To be fair, picking my courses, it wasn't too bad, because I did have, like, I did have like the uh a PDF that said, like, oh, if you want to major in this, you can you need to pick these courses. So it wasn't I'd say it wasn't more so like picking the courses, but, like the process of, like, picking in, like, assigning the courses to schedule. Yeah, so you already had good information about what you need to do for your court for your degree as a whole, from this document. It was just the picking of the Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, okay. What information do you wish you had when you first began picking your course? Um. I'm not too sure, really. All right, well, in that document you're talking about, what was in there? Okay, so it would be like a document of like, okay, so for example, I'm doing a Bachelor of commerce. And there's, you know, a multitude of majors that you can pick in. I'm doing finance and accounting. So. I'd scroll over to, like, the one that says, "Commerce, uh, if you want a major in finance accounting, you need a pick these subjects.. So it would just be like a list of like, a bunch of subjects and like their subject codes, and you just need to. Did they talker all about the prerequisites or like, if it was the first or second year course? I don't think so. I think that was in theQ. Yeah. Like, the actual UQ website, and like the course profile. But, like, some of the people I've been interviewed have said it's not very it wasn't very apparent about some of the prerequisites. Yeah, I can see how that would be the case, but... It was okay for you. Yeah, but it was okay for me because luckily I did have the pre-requis for that. Okay. What did you consider when you were choosing your electives? Um... When you do a double major, you don't have any, uh electors Yeah, It's just core subjects for me.. All right, that's all good. You've very touched this one information. Did you use any other information sources when you were picking your courses or was it just that? No, it would have been just that one. So you didn't use the YQ website at all, really? No. It was just two confusing.. Where did you get that from that document? I think it was on the UQ website. Like, if you. I'm pretty sure if you press on, like your degree and then of course profile, there should be like a PDF that you can download. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Now, based on your past experiences with enrolling, what are some features that were presented well, or just implemented in general, not to a high degree that should be improved? Mm, OK. I mean, that PDF on the course profile is definitely a big help, especially for people that, you know, don't know what what they even want to major in or like, what subjects they want to pick. But definitely the integration. The integration, like, aspect of it, like, of picking of like picking and choosing, like, what courses you want to do is definitely like, it was definitely a hustle for me. Yeah, okay should be improved. So, last question, did you feel that the enrolment system is responsive enough in sending freeback or confirmation when you've done something right or wrong? Or was it not up to standard? And if it wasn't not to standard, what are some of the things that could be improved? Honestly, I'd say that the confirmation aspect of things was pretty good, because on SI example, like, for example, it would tell you, like, if your classes, have been allocated or, like, they haven't been allocated or, like, they're still pending. Yep. But, uh, yeah, I mean... I think it's also more talking about the fact that this wasn't a p for you, but, um what it was saying is, like, you could pick a subject without doing this prerequisites. And like, warnings like that was there anything else like that? Like warnings? I mean, me personally, I didn't face any challenges like that, but.. um, yeah. That's all good. That's my last question. Thank you. Thanks, bro. All of courses