# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 1
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/t/Section_7620_22283/IQDH59IcAMlfQJvLn4MOKxgLAR1ywSTy9ftiw-3Xt3wEWMQ?e=BRSu9U
Okay, so do I have your permission to record this? Yes. Okay, cool.  Based on this demo, what do you think this product is trying to help you do? Based on the demo here, I think the product is trying to help me navigate my horse work a lot better. Yeah.  As in, uh, 'cause, you know, university website is just very, like, confusing, significant. There's just so much information, they're trying to overwhelm you. Yeah.  And I think this product is actively trying to, you know, help me generalise it all, and just basically just have more clarity on, like, what am I getting from doing a specific course? Okay, yeah. I'm happy you got that from that demo.  How useful does the idea of seeing a full course plan based on your degree feel to you? Hmm, that's a really good question. Give me a 2nd to think about it.  Okay. Mm, I feel like... I feel, you know, I feel... well informed, like, educated, as in, like, now I have, like, full comprehension. of like, uh, what's, what's my core, what my future is going to be like doing this specific degree, of course.  And it's also, like, instead of going through, like, tens of other websites, like, trying to see, like, you know, what am I gonna do next? So, like, you know, what prerequisites do I need and stuff? I just look at this.  Okay, that's good. Mm. How valuable is it to know what future courses depend on this course as a prerequisite?  Very. very very... Can you touch on some, like, would that have been good from personal experience back when you were 1st starting uni? Yes, 100%.  It was, like, when I'm trying to... Oh, 'cause I jumped through, like, multiple degrees, and then... Yeah. throughout transfer, well, my transfer, like, applications, there's always times where I'm wondering, like, how much credit can I get for this one specific?  Like, course, you know, do I still have to do this course? Is this course a prerequisite to that course, right? Yeah.  Like, by knowing, like, by having it all in, like, a glance, it was like, oh, now it makes you, like, so much favourite. I don't have to, like, go back and forth with the uni. And, like, just to email different faculties into just wondering, like, oh, is this a prerequisite?  It's this, uh, credit causing, you know what I mean? I know what you mean. It's very valuable.  Okay. How helpful, how helpful do the course reviews and recommendations seem in helping you choose between different courses? Hmm.  I think I think it's all right, actually. It was like, obviously, like, it's helpful, but I'm a person that shoves everything in AI anyways. Yeah, I was like, I was just like, I was just ask, like, a lot of stuff is saying, and I'll make, like, because I always make, like, well informed, like, educated decisions.  So it was like, even though obviously, like, seeing close reviews and recommendations would help me make my decision. But then, at the same time, it was, like, most of the time when I do when I find actually do it, I'm ready, like, you know, I already know what I'm getting into. Yeah.  So it's like, it's all right. But I'm good. I'm glad that was like a feature for like people that, you know, that's in the city.  That needed. Okay, cool. How helpful do you think how helpful do you think these reviews, such as comments and ratings, would be in helping you choose your course?  Mm, well, as I said before, like, you know, culture reviews and recommendations are like, well, to me, it's just a personal thing, right? For me, it's like, it's all right. But I can definitely see how, like, this feature would work for, like, you know, people that's, like, that definitely needs a bit more, like, you know, angles from a different perspective. know what I mean?  Yeah, I know, I know that you need those different angles sometimes. Is there any information you would expect to see here that is missing from the demo? Mm, on the top of my head, not really.  But... maybe on the UI, certain improvements could be done, but I think those are more like late stage stuff. So I think for like for an early demo, I'm pretty I like what I see. Okay, that's good.  From what you have seen, would this reduce the need to check multiple websites when choosing courses? Why, why not? Well, I think I already said, like, before it started this feel, as in, like, you know, I always have to, like, go up to search up, like, 500 different websites, like, you know, just to get one little piece of information I need from a course.  Yeah. But now with this, it was, like, you know, I think this absolutely, like, could reduce the need that I need, 'cause, like, I have to go to one website to check for prerequisites. Another website to check for like future courses.  And then another website to check for, like, you know, what other people think of, like, you know, recommendations and reviews, of courses. But now, with this, like, with this demo, I can see, it's, like, it gives it all one go. I don't have to go for like 500 different websites for stuff.  Okay, that's good. Would you feel, how would you feel about ads being shown every few course searches? Like, every 3rd or 4th search for, like, say you were, like, looking for a CSC 1001, then you did 2 other searches.  And then the 3rd search show was an ad that played, would that greatly impact the reviewing experience? 100%. No one likes seeing ads in general.  It was, like, I don't mind seeing one's, like, every few websites, right? But then if it's the first thing that pops, that, you know, pops up. Yeah, it could be something else, but, like, infuriated.  Or, like, just like, I'll be a bit pissed. Yeah, that's fair enough. Okay, that's all I have.  Thank you.