# Jeremy Dernier Interveiw 2
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/t/Section_7620_22283/IQAvTV5A2SEGQ7gnjYdE0MHtAQwoRGSppb_0efN3uYBifjk?e=YxVCnE
Do I have your consent to record this? Yes. Okay.  Based on this demo, what do you think this product is trying to help you do? Um, I think it's trying to help me get you um, select the courses. from my uni. Do you feel that it's, like, selecting it, helping you select it better or worse than, like, current methods, like, just the UQ website and all this, the other uses of information?  Uh, definitely, yeah, because I think, um, for the regional, like, from the YouTube website. Sometimes it's very hard to find related information. Like, you have to spur it down.  For days, why it organised pretty well, pretty clear. So it's very helpful for me. Yeah, definitely.  Okay, that's good to hear. How useful does the idea of seeing a full course plan based on your degree feel to you? Oh, it's very helpful, 'cause, um, he actually saved a bunch of times, like, sometimes I have to do it by myself before every semester, but now it's more clear.  So, I should save about lots of time for me. It would? It would.  So, so, also, just to go, like, a bit further on that? When did you, have you, do you have, like, a full idea of what all your courses are gonna look like for your degree? like the whole way through?  Sorry, what? So, your current, like, plan for your degree, you have these set out courses. Do you have an idea of, like, what, like, each semester is gonna look like right now?  Based on my plan? Yeah. Yeah, I...  Yeah, but sometimes I have to change it for a little bit. You have to just modify something. Yeah, modify some things about it because it's, yeah.  Okay. How valuable is it to know what future courses depend on this course as a prerequisite? Uh...  It's okay, anything about it? It's, um... Yeah, you do...  It do make sense and help me to kind of selecting what courses that actually are gonna do, because sometimes you're gonna, you have no idea what is the requirements for that? The precourse? So you enrol the wrong course and it's gonna do a lot of work, but for this one, it's really, like, helps me to skip a lot of, like that.  Lots of, like, the going between pages. Yeah, between pages. Okay, cool.  How helpful do the course reviews and recommendations seem in helping you choose between options? Oh, yeah. Um, I think this will help me to choose the easier one because I do definitely want to have a good, like, high GPA.  Yeah. That's especially the elective. So for people choosing life, they definitely want to aim me for the great, good grades.  So, yeah, you saw that, like, common section of the reviews and and you can see, like, for some of your heart, what's the harder course in nursing, for example? I think it's the autonomy one. Autonomy?  Yeah, autom. Yeah, so there would probably be like recommendations on that course, like saying it's a lot more difficult based on what she would say. She'd be more prepared.  Yeah, true. Yeah. Okay.  Is there any information you would expect to see that is missing from this demo? Uh, no. I think it's pretty good.  Okay. based on it. Yeah. Thank you.  From what you have seen, would this help reduce the need to check multiple websites when choosing courses? Why why not? Ah.  Yeah. It definitely will help me to, um, save the time because it's, like, organised, compressing all the information to a month. Centralise the information.  Yeah, centralised information. Yes. No, no, no.  That makes sense. Yeah. So when you were 1st like at uni, like this is just like the little aside, did you find it like a lot harder to pick courses because there was it was just so new and just it was just so daunting because there was so many different aspects you needed to know?  Yeah, yeah, definitely. Did you ever make any mistakes with that? Yeah, on my first semester, I got, um, I fought, I mean, fully, like, like, I got, I choose, of course, but apparently it was like higher, like, semester 2 is supposed to be Dudami semester 2.  So it's not opening for the semester one people, but I choose it because apparently it's not going. And then the course currently, she contact me like, sorry, it's a bunch of things that need to serve it. Yeah, so it wasn't made clear that it was only in semesters.  Yeah, sure. Okay. How would you feel about ads being shown while using this product?  For example, when you're searching up the information about course, it wouldn't appear like every single time, but maybe every 3rd or every 4th time would that like massively impact your viewing experience. Like, would you still use the product? Yeah, I think so, because I do understand, like, people put 5th on it.  So I will be happy to not that much, but maybe one, yeah. When every now and then, that would be fun.
