# Interview - Jack Cole

[Link to recording on MS teams](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/jack%20interview%202%20iteration2.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=sBnqQS)

_Do I have your consent of film?_

Yes, you do.

_Alright, easy. Okay, so the first question is, could you please briefly summarise your experience in choosing your courses at UQ on your very first time?_

So, the very first time I chose my courses at UQ, I was like, this is the start of 1st year, and there wasn't much information available at all. Like, I didn't really know what I was doing. It was mainly just asking my friends who are also in the same courses me what they were doing. And then just going from there.

_So it was like a pretty confusing experience, you would say, all around._

Yeah, I didn't know what course profiles were. I didn't know like what the assessments were. I was just doing those courses because that's what I was told to do. And so I had no idea. Like, I didn't pick any electives 1st time. I just did only the compulsory courses because I didn't know what to do.

_Were there any specific parts of the core selection process that you found challenging that you can think of?_

Yeah, so, at first, I didn't realise what, like, the course codes even met. Like, I was just randomly selecting. And I was like wondering, okay, like how for my degree, like what does what is even a degree? Like, what courses do I need to do? How many courses I need to attend? It was all really weird. And I also, like, my friends are telling me to do these courses and I just, like, I'd never heard of, some of the stuff before. Like, I had to do this course on like, it was like this random course, but it was an introduction to all sciences. And I didn't know what to expect.

_With the organisation of the course information on the web pages, did you find that it impacted your experience, in like how confusing it was or details that were left out or scattered?_

Yeah, because there wasn't only one like, spot for me to find all the information. And also, like, it definitely would have helped if there was, like, other people talking about those courses they did to help me choose things. But maybe not just in my 1st time choosing courses, but in like the next sem as well, for being able to choose courses. I wish I could easily just see each other's opinions.

_Which information regarding courses was like hard to locate or understand? Like, for instance, workload or, like, course difficulty level?_

Definitely course difficulty level. Like, when I was choosing electives in my 2nd cent, I just wanted to choose electives that were like pretty simple, pretty straightforward. But there was no way for me to figure that out, so I really wish I could easily see other students' ratings and thoughts for those courses, to make it a lot the picture a lot clearer as to whether this course is for me or not. Like, for example, if a student would have said, oh, this course, the assignments are pretty straightforward, or the tutors are very- they've given negative information, then I'd be like, okay, maybe I don't want to do that.

_Would it have been nice, like, either like a forum or like a rating kind of system, like, say out of five? To give some sort of idea_

Yeah, like with maybe specific categories. Like, for example, like course difficulty or how many hours a week, I have to put into it.

_Well, I was gonna ask what sources or individuals did you depend on to aid you? Would you say it was mainly your friends or did you see anything else, like, on the internet or?_

No, it was really just my friends, relying on the information. Second time I did a bit more of my own research because I had to choose more electives. And so mainly my own, like, I tried searching off stuff, but mainly it just involved me going onto Reddit and searching up different courses and stuff.

_Do you wish there was like an easier way to search through all the courses?_

Definitely. I wish there was like one whole page where I could just see courses and it would be like ranked on like difficulty, or like you type in like a keyword or something.

_And when you were using the enrolment system, looking back, what is, like, one singular form of guidance if you had to pick one that you wish you would have had, on the website?_

Like one single thing? I wish I could easily see other students thoughts or ratings of the course, or even kind of discussions and just details on things like that
