# Interview - Jack Cole

[Link to recording on MS teams](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/jack%20interview%201%20iteration2.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=zrSPVl)

_All right, nice to meet you. Thank you for accepting this interview._

All good, bro.

_Do I have your consent to record?_

Yeah, of course.

_All right, so, first question about the course selection process. Could you just please briefly summarise your general experience in choosing your courses at UQ for the very first time?_

Well, definitely, it was a bit complicated, at first, because of the systems and all, like, you know, like the subtext and everything. Otherwise, maybe it could have been better in some way because, you know, students coming out of high school are always like pretty overwhelmed, like, you know, when picking their courses and like, you know, subjects and all. But yeah, otherwise, yeah, it could have been better.

_So you found some parts challenging you would say?_

Yeah, I did find some parts challenging. It was like the enrolling part, which is like the hardest, but like, yeah.

_What were the main parts of the course, like the selection process specifically that you found challenging?_

So, probably, like, in the enrollment process, there are like 10 steps, you to have complete, right? So every step there was like a lot of reading and then like understanding what was like supposed to be done. So, yeah, it's just, I can't remember as like, you know, exactly what I'm like talking about, but like, yeah, I'm pretty sure you would understand what I'm talking about.

_It was kind of like the descriptions and picking based off the descriptions you found challenging?_

Yeah, too much, too much like reading and the letters were too small.

_So you wish it looked nicer and you wish that it was a bit more simplified?_

Yeah, simplified, definitely. I'd say that.

_So the next question was, in what ways did the organisation of information on various webpages impact your experience, I guess you were saying it was disorganised?_

Yeah, pretty much, yeah, disorganised. Maybe it was too complicated, like, you know, the way it was worded. I suppose, it was organised, of course, but like, um, it was just, like, a bit hard to, like, understand, and comprehend all the information

_Would you say, it was more the way it was organised that was the confusing part, like, the challenging part?_

Yeah, of course.

_Was there any information you can think of specifically that was hard to locate or understand? Like, for example, workload or course difficulty level._

When I was enrolling, I never like, saw that part like you know where you could see what the course is like. That was like a separate side, which you could like search up yourself. So like if you were like interested in knowing more about your coursework, you probably like search it up on Google individually and then like check it out. But like while enrolling for your courses, you never really got information about how hard, or how easy your course was, and how flexible you would get to do it, because that's something you have to find out on your own.

_Would you have preferred if it was all compiled into one source when you were looking up your courses and selecting them?_

Yeah, maybe if the, you know, the rest of the information was, you know, more simplified and like, you know, less complicated to read. That would have been a better way to like get started as a uni student.

_Yeah, definitely. When you were making your choices regarding courses, what sources or individuals did you kind of depend on to aid you?_

ChatGPT, bro, all the way, bro. Claude or ChatGPT, yeah. It's embarrassing to mention, but like, yeah.

_So you use a lot of AI?_

Yeah, bro. AI , AI this, bro, high schools, yeah, university, yeah. Everything's there now, bro.

_If the enrolment system assisted you in completing the task, what sort of guidance would you have liked to have had?_

What sort of guidance would I like to have? I mean, I had enough guidance back in high school with my guidance class, like he pretty much got, gotten me with like, um, what to do and how to do it and like, you know, what, like, the, uh, courses are about and like, you know, what career pathway was gonna be, like, based on the course I picked.

_Do you wish you had something similar for university?_

Not really, because it was already all there in high school, so yeah, I mean, the advice, the device I got from him was because whatever I'm learning, I can see that it might help me in the near future for my career path. So, yeah. I just feel like ours comes to actually important. Maybe, uh, it might be helpful for other students in UQ because they still might be confused about what they're doing. So, yeah, I think having a guidance counceller around is definitely helpful.

_Do you think it would have been good to have that sort of information on the on the website?_

Yeah, definitely, yeah, of course.

_Yeah, thank you. Well, that pretty much wraps off our interview. Nice to meet you and thanks for letting me do it._

Thank you
