# Interview - Jack Cole

_Do I have your consent to film this interview?_

Yeah

_Okay, sweet. Could you please briefly summarise your experience in choosing your courses at UQ for the 1st time?_

Yeah, sure. So, choosing my courses at UQ for the first time… it was pretty difficult, right? Trying to navigate like, how many credits do I need? Whether I’m doing 1st or 2nd or 3rd year courses. Like, what I actually need, what credits I actually need to be able to finish the degree and actually graduate properly. It was stressing me out.

_So kind of challenging, like, confusing?_

Yeah, yeah exactly.

_Was there any like specific parts of the course selection process that you specifically found challenging that you can think of?_

I found it hard to like search for the courses. I wish it were easy to search the course of themselves when you're putting in what courses you're getting enrolled for and also allowing you to plan out, like, “this one I’m going to do first year, this is what I'm going to do 2nd year, and third year”. And yeah, I also wish there was a way to check, that that is correct.

_Yeah, yeah, that's like a good point, yeah. And uh, what was like, how would you rate the organisation of the information when you were looking at your course selection page?_

Probably like a 4 or a 5 out of 10?

_4 out of ten? Yeah…_

Yeah, the only reason I somewhat know how to understand it is, I’ve had to talk to friends in the year above, how they go about their courses. I also had to call UQ faculty advisors on exactly how to go about like 2nd year courses, how many credits I need for each of kind year.

_So it's pretty unintuitive, you would say, the way the information is laid out._

Yeah, definitely, yeah.

_What do you think was the hardest information to find regarding, of course, was like, for instance, workload or like difficulty level?_

Honestly, the hardest information to find is probably difficulty level. I feel like it wasn't really clear within the course profile how many lectures a week we have, or how much work we have to do or like what, like, I guess the amount of content in each lecture. Maybe a guide on that, knowing what exactly you're getting yourself into.

_So there's like a lot of detail missing?_

Yeah, yeah.

_Would you have liked to have seen like other users, I mean, other students like experiences and what they thought of the course and stuff?_

Yeah, that definitely would have been helpful. Like that's something I had to seek out myself, but if that could be included on the UQ course profile. That would be a really good way for me to know, like “do I select this course, or do I not select this course?”

_Um, I mean, you kind of already answered this, but I was gonna ask what sources you sort out. Was there anybody, apart from like asking your friends, like did you go on the internet or anything?_

Yeah, I went on the internet. I had to check forums and saw how they went about planning their degree as well. And yeah, I mean, I also consulted, like I said, the UQ faculty advisors

_Yeah, you had to manually ring them._

Yeah

_Do you wish there was a more like centralised way to get these like, layouts and stuff?_

Yeah for sure. Yeah, yeah. Like I wish there was a way you would generate a layout for us based on like certain preferences and courses that we would want to do. While also, you know, fulfilling like our requirements to graduate as well.

_And if there was one thing you could point to and say you wish the enrolment system had, what would it have been?_

Um, like I said at the very start, I wish the courses were easy to search. Like, I didn't particularly know what courses, I didn't particularly know what courses like to do and what courses, like what each course meant for my degree.

_Well, thank you very much. That wraps up the interview._

Yep.

_Nice to meet you._
