# Interview - Jack Cole

[Link to recording on MS teams](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/jack%20interview%205%20iteration2.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=M1IJTI)

_Do I have your consent to film?_

Sure.

_Thank you. So, our first question is, could you please just briefly summarise your experience in choosing your courses at UQ for the very first time?_

Um, I would say it was pretty difficult, you know, it's a pretty opaque process.
There's not- I mean, there's some level of guidance, but you're sort of having to navigate a few different systems. It’s not well done.

_Would you say it's quite unintuitive?_

Oh, definitely. Yeah.

_Which specific parts of the course, like, selection process did you find most challenging, would you say?_

Probably figuring out which classes to, um, that I need to enrol in to, like, satisfy my course requirements. Like, which ones were necessary and kind of, like, required?

_In what ways did the way the information was organised impact your experience? Would you say it was, like, very clear, or it all could have been sort of put together in a more, like, well defined format?_

I think the biggest issue was that the information spread across a few different places. So if it was more homogenised, I would be really helpful.

_So you would have rather if it was like all compiled into everything in one._

Yeah.

_Which pieces of information regarding your courses were the most hardest to like locate?_

Um.. Probably getting the details on the classes themselves was the hardest part. Like, you've got to navigate your way to the whole, like, course profiles to get any real information.

_Did you find it hard to kind of find specific bits of information? Like, for example, like workload, difficulty level, like, things like that in the details that were listed?_

Yeah, definitely. Like, as a student, jumping ship from QUT, it's sort of hard to figure out what the prerequisites actually, like, correspond to. Like what sort of knowledge you need.

_Would it have been nice if the pre-requesites were like listed more generally rather than just like ambiguous like course codes and things like that?_

Oh yeah, definitely.

_What sources did you consult to decide which courses to undertake?_

Um... It's hard to remember off the top of my head but I think, like... I think, like, the honours courses, especially, I had to, like, go through a, more public interface where it was, like, listing the courses you can pick for the degree, which felt a bit awkward and I wasn't sure if, like, maybe it's, um, not entirely suited, like for, the public viewing.

_So like a bit more confirmation of like what's actually require would have been useful._

Yeah, yeah, definitely.

_And if you could just point to one thing that you wish the enrolment system would have had, what do you think that would be? Like, one thing that would have helped you out the most?_

Um, probably some sort of, like... like, checklist that sort of, um... In some way, pulls together information, gives you, like, definite confirmation that you've got your stuff sorted.

_So, like, something that tells you whether you have all your required subjects for a year or whatever._

Exactly, rather than having to sort of figure it out yourself and like compile it yourself from all different sources and such.

_Well, that wraps up the interview. Thank you very much. Nice to meet you._
