# Interview - Jack Cole

[Link to recording on MS teams](https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/jack%20interview%204%20iteration2.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=72Plc2)

_All good to go?_

Yeah.

_So the 1st question is, could you please briefly summarise your experience in choosing your courses at UQ for the 1st time?_

It is not so easy, but still everything is available on the site, so I just read about them, and choose my preferences, and it's, that's all. Yes, way.

_Were there any parts of the course selection process that you found challenging, like knowing which courses to select?_

Yeah, yeah, but just choose the course, I am from India. And I travel to Australia for my studies, and it's a new course for me, like Bachelor of Communication. So I just read about it around one month. And after that, I conclude that I have to choose this Bachelor of communication.

_Yeah, what about your subjects?_

Introduction to strategy, communication, understanding the news, and to more. And understanding the news, I have to choose because my father is a journalist in India. Yeah, so I chose it that way.

_Was it difficult to know which subjects you had to do, or deciding which ones to choose?_

What?

_Was it difficult knowing which subjects to choose?_

No, because everything is written on websites, so just I need to read it.

_How would you rate the organisation of the information on the UQ page?_

It's everything written, and everything mentioned, so it's not difficult for students to access.

_Was there any information that was hard to locate or understand like the workload or difficulty level of each subject?_

Yeah, on the website, it's not mentioned the difficulty level of any subject. Yeah. So it's confusing. We have to know about the subject from Dave to know its difficulty level.

_If there was, like, one thing you wish you had on the enrolment page, that wasn't there, what do you think it would be? Would it be the difficulty level or the workload, perhaps?_

Difficulty level, and number of assignments you have. For each subject, yeah.

_Well, that's pretty much wraps it up. Thank you_
